README.md, before:

<br>
<header>
<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.svg" alt="logo" height="120">
</p>
<h1 align="center">
Icon Set Creator

<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/icon-set-creator?color=2B90B6&label=" alt="NPM version"></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img alt="NPM Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/icon-set-creator?color=349dbe&label="></a>
<a href="https://github.com/martiliones/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/martiliones/icon-set-creator.svg?label=&message=themes&color=45b8cd" alt="License"></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@martiliones/the-easiest-way-to-create-and-manage-app-icons-for-react-native-on-ios-and-android-41ccca39df2" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Guide&color=4ec5d4" alt="Guide"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/martiliones/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/martiliones/icon-set-creator?style=social"></a>
</h1>
</header>

To install the new package, use one of the following commands. You need administrator privileges to execute these unless npm was installed on your system through a Node.js version manager (e.g. n or nvm).

```bash
$ npm install -g icon-set-creator
# OR
$ yarn global add icon-set-creator
```

After installation, you will have access to the iconset binary in your command line. You can verify that it is properly installed by simply running `iconset`, which should present you with a help message listing all available commands.

You can check you have the right version with this command:

```bash
$ iconset --version
```

### iconset create

```bash
Usage: iconset create [options] [image-path]

generate a new icon set for React Native project

Options:
  -A, --android [icon-name]                    generate icon set for android
  -I, --ios                                    generate icon set for ios
  -b, --adaptive-icon-background <background>  The color (E.g. "#ffffff") or image asset (E.g. "assets/images/christmas-background.png") which will be used to fill
                                               out the background of the adaptive icon.
  -f, --adaptive-icon-foreground <foreground>  The image asset which will be used for the icon foreground of the adaptive icon
  -h, --help                                   display help for command
```

Commit message:

Add links to example folder and guide

README.md, after:

<br>
<header>
<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.svg" alt="logo" height="120">
</p>
<h1 align="center">
Icon Set Creator

<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/icon-set-creator?color=2B90B6&label=" alt="NPM version"></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img alt="NPM Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/icon-set-creator?color=349dbe&label="></a>
<a href="https://github.com/martiliones/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/martiliones/icon-set-creator.svg?label=&message=themes&color=45b8cd" alt="License"></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@martiliones/the-easiest-way-to-create-and-manage-app-icons-for-react-native-on-ios-and-android-41ccca39df2" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Guide&color=4ec5d4" alt="Guide"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/martiliones/icon-set-creator" target="__blank"><img alt="GitHub stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/martiliones/icon-set-creator?style=social"></a>
</h1>
</header>

To install the new package, use one of the following commands. You need administrator privileges to execute these unless npm was installed on your system through a Node.js version manager (e.g. n or nvm).

```bash
$ npm install -g icon-set-creator
# OR
$ yarn global add icon-set-creator
```

After installation, you will have access to the iconset binary in your command line. You can verify that it is properly installed by simply running `iconset`, which should present you with a help message listing all available commands.

You can check you have the right version with this command:

```bash
$ iconset --version
```

For example, you can check the [`example`](https://github.com/martiliones/icon-set-creator/tree/master/example) folder and [this guide on Medium](https://medium.com/@martiliones/the-easiest-way-to-create-and-manage-app-icons-for-react-native-on-ios-and-android-41ccca39df2).

### iconset create

```bash
Usage: iconset create [options] [image-path]

generate a new icon set for React Native project

Options:
  -A, --android [icon-name]                    generate icon set for android
  -I, --ios                                    generate icon set for ios
  -b, --adaptive-icon-background <background>  The color (E.g. "#ffffff") or image asset (E.g. "assets/images/christmas-background.png") which will be used to fill
                                               out the background of the adaptive icon.
  -f, --adaptive-icon-foreground <foreground>  The image asset which will be used for the icon foreground of the adaptive icon
  -h, --help                                   display help for command
```
